feat(wbh): add troubleshooting (#4356)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/webhosting/troubleshooting/cant-connect-ftp.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Troubleshooting FTP access issues
  description: This page suggests solutions if you cannot access your FTP account.
content:
  h1: Troubleshooting FTP access issues
  paragraph: This page suggests solutions if you cannot access your FTP account.
tags: web-hosting troubleshooting
dates:
  validation: 2025-02-05
  posted: 2025-02-05
categories:
  - webhosting
---

## Problem
I can't connect to my FTP account.

### Symptoms
- FTP login fails with an authentication error.
- Your FTP client cannot establish a connection.
- File uploads or downloads are interrupted frequently.

## Possible causes
- Incorrect FTP credentials.
- Passive mode is required but not enabled.
- Your firewall or ISP is blocking FTP ports.

## Solution

#### Check your FTP credentials

> - Double-check your FTP username, password, and hostname in your hosting panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Double-check your FTP username, password, and hostname on the hosting panel.
```
